--- 
layout: post
title: hiccups
---
I've had the hiccups for about 24 hours now and it's really starting to annoy
me.  Trying to smoke a cigarette with the hiccups is extremely difficult, and
everyone I know seems to have the cure(non of which have worked).  It's been
quite some time since I've had a case of the hiccups this bad and as I've prolly
hiccuped more than 15 times during the creation of these three sentences it's
not letting up any.  My <a
HREF="http://www.xmlsoft.org">XML</a> parsing has taken a turn for the OO, and
I've moved it to C++, but I can honestly say what I did get done in C was
surprisingly enlightening leaving me with new hopes that I might one day get a
solid grasp on it.  Lots of interesting shit I've come across this week. <a
HREF="http://www.guerrillanews.com/cocakarma/">Coca-Karma</a> which is the story
of the little man fighting big business, since I always find myself rooting for
the bad guy or underdog I dug it, it's also extremely well written which is very
rare for web content.  <a
HREF="http://iwsun4.infoworld.com/articles/op/xml/01/06/18/010618oppetreley.xml">MS
Masters Network Computing Mind-Set</a> is a good read about how .NET is nothing
new, how it's going to merely benefit MS even more, and hinder the rest of the
world because of the nature of MS's business tactics.  <a
HREF="http://www.videolan.org">VideoLAN</a> is a dope little DVD player which is
worth picking up if you need DVD on your computer and you live in a non-MS
world.  Also <a href=I think that's it, and my hiccup count is well above 60
right now....
